attend/ephemeral.md, before:

---
layout: page
redirect_from:
  - /attend-ephemeral
title: Attend SeaGL 2022
description: How to attend SeaGL 2022 with an ephemeral Matrix account
---

# Attending SeaGL

SeaGL's virtual conference space exists in [Matrix], an open, decentralized chat network. We've set things up so that using Matrix should be easy—just follow these 3 steps. If you _do_ run into any trouble, email <matrix-help@seagl.org> and we'll help you get it sorted out ASAP. TODO - possibly link to Kiwi IRC too.

## Step 1 - get your 2022 attendee account

The first step is to get an account! This won't require any of your personal information and the account will be deleted once the conference has finished. However, for the duration of the conference this account will let you do everything a regular, permanent Matrix account would.

Come back to this page after you're signed up.

<div class="text-center">
  <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="https://attend.seagl.org/#/register?hs=ephemeral">Get my account</a></p>
</div>


## Step 2 - get oriented

TODO screenshot of Element here

This is the home screen of SeaGL's version of [Element], an open source, free software client that you can use to get onto Matrix. Our version is slightly tweaked to give you an even better conference experience.

Here's some things to know about Matrix, and about the Matrix account we'll set you up with:

1. Matrix is decentralized, which means that your account is “at” the provider of your choice, but you can communicate seamlessly across providers - similar to email.
2. We're acting as the Matrix provider for the account you just made to attend SeaGL. Because your account is primarily intended for you to attend, it will be deleted on **November 12th** (one week after the end of the conference). Before that day, though, it will function as a full Matrix account. (Try joining the Matrix room of a free software project you hear about at the conference!) <!-- TODO it would be rad if we could actually see how many talks are about projects with Matrix rooms -->
3. If you decide you like Matrix, we encourage you to get a permanent account and hang out in the SeaGL space year-round! There are lots of [options][Matrix options] for using Matrix, but we often recommend [Matrix*.org*][Matrix.org] as a service provider (since it's a public service operated by a non-profit) and [Element] as the client you use to get on Matrix (since it's open source and available on many platforms, including the web).

## Step 3 - have fun at SeaGL!

We hope you enjoy hanging out with our flock this year. Our friendly Matrix bot, Patch, will help guide you around the conference, and if you have any questions you can either ask in the "Welcome" room or click here (TODO make this a link) to go directly there.

As a reminder, participation in SeaGL is subject to our [Code of Conduct](/code_of_conduct).

[Element]: https://element.io/
[Matrix]: https://matrix.org/
[Matrix.org]: https://matrix.org/faq/#who-and-how
[Matrix options]: https://matrix.org/docs/projects/try-matrix-now

Commit message:

more updates to ephemeral attend instructions

attend/ephemeral.md, after:

---
layout: page
redirect_from:
  - /attend-ephemeral
title: Attend SeaGL 2022
description: How to attend SeaGL 2022 with an ephemeral Matrix account
---

# Attending SeaGL

SeaGL's virtual conference space exists in [Matrix], an open, decentralized chat network. We've set things up so that using Matrix should be easy—just follow these 3 steps. If you _do_ run into any trouble, email <matrix-help@seagl.org> and we'll help you get it sorted out ASAP. <!-- TODO - possibly link to Kiwi IRC too. -->

## Step 1 - get your 2022 attendee account

The first step is to get an account! This won't require any of your personal information and the account will be deleted once the conference has finished. However, for the duration of the conference this account will let you do everything a regular, permanent Matrix account would.

<div class="text-center">
  <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="https://attend.seagl.org/#/register?hs=ephemeral">Get my account</a></p>
</div>

Come back to this page after you're signed up.


## Step 2 - get oriented

Here is the home screen of SeaGL's [Element](https://element.io/), an open source, free software Matrix client. Our version has been modified to give you a better conference experience.

TODO screenshot of Element here


Some things to know about Matrix and your ephemeral account:

1. Matrix accounts are decentralized, which means that your account is “at” the provider of your choice, but you can communicate seamlessly across providers—similarly to email.
2. We're acting as the Matrix provider for the account you just made—for the duration of the conference. As your account is primarily intended for you to attend SeaGL, it will be deleted on **November 12th** (one week after the end of the conference).
3. While your account exists, it will function as a full Matrix account. Consider joining the Matrix room of a free software project you hear about at the conference! <!-- TODO it would be rad if we could actually see how many talks are about projects with Matrix rooms -->
4. If you decide you like Matrix, we encourage you to get a permanent account and hang out in the [SeaGL space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org) year-round! There are lots of [homeserver options](https://joinmatrix.org/servers/) for using Matrix, but we often recommend going with [Matrix*.org*](https://matrix.org/faq/#who-and-how) as a service provider—a public service operated by the foundation's non-profit.
5. There are [many clients](https://matrix.org/docs/projects/try-matrix-now) that you can use to access Matrix, but we often recommend going with [Element](https://app.element.io/) since it's open source and available on many platforms, including the web.


## Step 3 - have fun at SeaGL!

We hope you enjoy hanging out with the flock this year. Our friendly Matrix bot, Patch, will help guide you around the conference. If you have any questions, please bring them up in the ["Welcome"](https://matrix.to/#/#welcome:2022.seagl.org) or ["Info Booth"](https://matrix.to/#/#info-booth:2022.seagl.org) rooms.

As a reminder, participation in any SeaGL space is subject to our [Code of Conduct](/code_of_conduct).
