get_involved.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Get Involved
description: Get Involved with SeaGL
nav: get_involved
body_id: get-involved
---

<div class="row"><div class="col-md-8" markdown="1">

## Volunteer for SeaGL

SeaGL organization for 2021 has kicked off!
Would you like to help with a great virtual only (per pandemic) conference based out of the US Pacific Northwest?
Our 8th conference last year was also our first virtual conference and we had volunteers from 4 continents.
This year we are returning to a fully virtual model and need volunteers to make it happen.
If you'd like to help please email us at {{ site.custom.a.email.participate }} and we'll send you an invitation to join our organizing meetings every other Monday at 17:00 Pacific Time (UTC-7).

## Sponsors and Non-Profit Exhibitors

Once again, we will have a virtual exhibitor hall for both community and corporate sponsors of SeaGL 2021.
Groups and companies interested in attending should take a look at our [Exhibitor/Sponsor Prospectus]({{ site.custom.url.prospectus }}) which outlines various tiers and add-ons available.
We do accept in-kind contributions from local and media partners, and free space is available for non-profit and educational organizations.
Please see our [sponsors page](/sponsors/{{ site.custom.year }}) for a list of current supporters and email us at {{ site.custom.a.email.sponsor }} to discuss further partnership opportunities!

</div><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Stay in touch

---

### Chat

Please join us in [Matrix or IRC](/meet).

### Organizer List

Please join our {{ site.custom.a.mailing_list.seagl_organize }} group.

### Announcements

Please join our {{ site.custom.a.mailing_list.seagl_announce }}.

### GitHub

Website changes can be proposed via pull request [on GitHub](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io).

</div></div>

Commit message:

Update the Get Involved page
Squawks to @lufthans for the updates. I only made minor edits.

get_involved.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Get Involved
description: Get Involved with SeaGL
nav: get_involved
body_id: get-involved
---

<div class="row"><div class="col-md-8" markdown="1">

## Volunteer for SeaGL

SeaGL organization for 2022 has kicked off!

2022 marks our 10th year as a volunteer run FLOSS conference.
With two virtual conferences under our belt, we hope to round out our first decade with an in-person experience in Seattle in a hybrid setting.
Would you like to help us build out that community experience?

Please email us at {{ site.custom.a.email.participate }} or hop into our [Matrix channel](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org "Link directly to SeaGL Matrix channel") or into the [#SeaGL IRC channel](https://irc.seagl.org/ "Web gateway to join IRC") Libera.chat if you would like to help.

Let us know you'd like to help out and we'll send you an invitation to join our organizing meetings every other Tuesday at 18:00 Pacific Time (UTC-7).

## Sponsors and Non-Profit Exhibitors

We are currently updating the sponsor prospectus for SeaGL 2022.

We do accept in-kind contributions from media and local partners. We also make free space available for non-profit and educational organizations.
Please see our [sponsors page](/sponsors/{{ site.custom.year }}) for a list of current supporters and email us at {{ site.custom.a.email.sponsor }} to discuss further partnership opportunities!

</div><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Stay in touch

---

### Chat

Please join us in [Matrix or IRC](/meet).

### Organizer List

Please join our {{ site.custom.a.mailing_list.seagl_organize }} group.

### Announcements

Please join our {{ site.custom.a.mailing_list.seagl_announce }}.

### GitHub

Website changes can be proposed via pull request [on GitHub](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io).

</div></div>
