index.md, before:

---
layout: page
nav: home
body_id: home
description: SeaGL is a grassroots technical conference dedicated to spreading awareness and knowledge about the GNU/Linux community and free/libre/open-source software/hardware.
---

<div class="row"><div class="col-md-4 col-md-push-8" markdown="1">

## About

Founded in 2013, SeaGL (the *Seattle GNU/Linux Conference*) is a free—as in freedom and tea—grassroots technical summit dedicated to spreading awareness and knowledge about free / libre / open source software, hardware, and culture.

SeaGL strives to be welcoming, enjoyable, and informative for professional technologists, newcomers, enthusiasts, and all other users of free software, regardless of their background knowledge; providing a space to bridge these experiences and strengthen the free software movement through mentorship, collaboration, and community.

### When & where

**{{ site.custom.dates }}, {{ site.custom.year }}**, virtual

### Attend

SeaGL is **free to attend**, and you **do not need to register**—just show up!

You may attend SeaGL without identifying yourself, and you are encouraged to do so to protect your privacy.

<!--
You may optionally [register]({{ site.custom.url.register }}).
This gives us more accurate estimates of attendance, which help us raise money for the conference.
The registration system is free / libre / open source software and we promise to protect your data.
-->

### Stay informed

Sign up for our low-traffic [announcement mailing list]({{ site.custom.url.mailing_list.seagl_announce }}) or subscribe to our [RSS news feed](/feed.xml).

---
{:.hidden-md .hidden-lg}

</div><div class="col-md-8 col-md-pull-4">

{% include recent_news.html %}

</div></div><div class="row"><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Contact

### Chat

Please join us in [Matrix or IRC](/meet).

### Social Media

{{ site.custom.a.social.mastodon}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.pixelfed}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.twitter}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.facebook}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.youtube}}

### Email

{{ site.custom.a.email.participate }} | {{ site.custom.a.email.press }}  
or join the {{ site.custom.a.mailing_list.seagl_announce }}.

</div><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Exhibitors

We will have a small hall available for exhibitors.
Free tables will be available for free/libre/open-source software/hardware and non-profit organizations, and there are several sponsorship levels for everyone else.
If your organization would like an exhibit table at SeaGL, please send an email to {{ site.custom.a.email.sponsor }} for our vendor prospectus.

Exhibitor space is limited, please contact us right away if you are interested in a table.

</div><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Sponsorship

We can't do what we need to do without the support of the community.
If you would like to offer financial support but don't need an exhibit table, please send an email to {{ site.custom.a.email.sponsor }}.

<!--
## Donate now

[Our fiscal sponsor, **Free Software Foundation**](https://www.fsf.org), set up a donation page to support SeaGL.
It accepts credit card or PayPal and provides instructions for donating via check or Bitcoin.
Thank you for your support!

{{ site.custom.a.donate }}
-->

</div></div>

Commit message:

re-include link to donation page

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
nav: home
body_id: home
description: SeaGL is a grassroots technical conference dedicated to spreading awareness and knowledge about the GNU/Linux community and free/libre/open-source software/hardware.
---

<div class="row"><div class="col-md-4 col-md-push-8" markdown="1">

## About

Founded in 2013, SeaGL (the *Seattle GNU/Linux Conference*) is a free—as in freedom and tea—grassroots technical summit dedicated to spreading awareness and knowledge about free / libre / open source software, hardware, and culture.

SeaGL strives to be welcoming, enjoyable, and informative for professional technologists, newcomers, enthusiasts, and all other users of free software, regardless of their background knowledge; providing a space to bridge these experiences and strengthen the free software movement through mentorship, collaboration, and community.

### When & where

**{{ site.custom.dates }}, {{ site.custom.year }}**, virtual

### Attend

SeaGL is **free to attend**, and you **do not need to register**—just show up!

You may attend SeaGL without identifying yourself, and you are encouraged to do so to protect your privacy.

<!--
You may optionally [register]({{ site.custom.url.register }}).
This gives us more accurate estimates of attendance, which help us raise money for the conference.
The registration system is free / libre / open source software and we promise to protect your data.
-->

### Stay informed

Sign up for our low-traffic [announcement mailing list]({{ site.custom.url.mailing_list.seagl_announce }}) or subscribe to our [RSS news feed](/feed.xml).

---
{:.hidden-md .hidden-lg}

</div><div class="col-md-8 col-md-pull-4">

{% include recent_news.html %}

</div></div><div class="row"><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Contact

### Chat

Please join us in [Matrix or IRC](/meet).

### Social Media

{{ site.custom.a.social.mastodon}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.pixelfed}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.twitter}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.facebook}}
| {{ site.custom.a.social.youtube}}

### Email

{{ site.custom.a.email.participate }} | {{ site.custom.a.email.press }}  
or join the {{ site.custom.a.mailing_list.seagl_announce }}.

</div><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Exhibitors

We will have a small hall available for exhibitors.
Free tables will be available for free/libre/open-source software/hardware and non-profit organizations, and there are several sponsorship levels for everyone else.
If your organization would like an exhibit table at SeaGL, please send an email to {{ site.custom.a.email.sponsor }} for our vendor prospectus.

Exhibitor space is limited, please contact us right away if you are interested in a table.

</div><div class="col-md-4" markdown="1">

## Sponsorship

We can't do what we need to do without the support of the community.
If you would like to offer financial support but don't need an exhibit table, please send an email to {{ site.custom.a.email.sponsor }}.

## Donate now

Our fiscal sponsor, [**Open Source Initiative**](https://opensource.org), set up a donation page for SeaGL. Thank you for your support!

{{ site.custom.a.donate }}

</div></div>
