meet.md, before:

---
layout: page
redirect_from:
  - /chat
---

<div class="row"><div class="col col-md-10 col-md-offset-1" markdown="1">

# Community Chat
{:.text-center}

SeaGL’s community meets on both Matrix and IRC:

<div class="row" style="margin-bottom: 1em;margin-top: 2em;">
  <div class="col col-sm-6 col-md-5 col-md-offset-1 col-lg-4 col-lg-offset-2">
    <div class="panel panel-primary text-center">
      <div class="panel-heading"><h2 class="panel-title">Matrix</h2></div>
      <div class="panel-body">
        <p>Join <code>#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org</code> in your preferred client, or:</p>
        <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org">Join Space</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col col-sm-6 col-md-5 col-lg-4">
    <div class="panel panel-primary text-center">
      <div class="panel-heading"><h2 class="panel-title">IRC</h2></div>
      <div class="panel-body">
        <p>Join <code>#SeaGL</code> on <a href="https://libera.chat/">Libera.Chat</a> in your preferred client, or:</p>
        <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="https://irc.seagl.org/">Open Web Chat</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

The two systems are [*bridged*][Matrix bridges] so you can use either option.
If you’re not sure which to choose, we recommend Matrix.

<div class="row"><div class="col col-sm-6" markdown="1">

### About Matrix

[Matrix] is a modern chat system that:

  - offers popular **features**—group chat rooms, private messaging, message formatting, image and file sharing, voice and video calling, software integrations, and email notifications
  - is **decentralized** like email—Your account is “at” the provider of your choice, but you can communicate seamlessly across providers.

#### Getting started

Many [options][Matrix options] are available, but we recommend:

  - For a **service provider**, use [Matrix*.org*][Matrix.org], a public service operated by a non-profit foundation.
  - For **client software**, use [Element], an open source application for a variety of platforms including the web.

To begin:

 1. Open the [Element web interface]{:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}.
 1. Create an account.
 1. At <samp>Add room</samp> → <samp>Explore public rooms</samp>, enter `#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org` and click <samp>Join</samp>.

</div><div class="col col-sm-6" markdown="1">

### About IRC

[IRC] (*Internet Relay Chat*) is a text-based chat system that:

  - has an **established** history of use by internet communities and open source software projects
  - is **ephemeral** by default—If you’re not connected, you miss group chats and can’t be messaged.
  - can be used **without registration** of an account

#### Getting started

For **short-term** use, for example to ask a brief question or attend office hours, open the web chat above.

In the **long term**, you’ll likely want to:

 1. Install [client software][IRC clients] on your computer.
 1. [Reserve][IRC registration] your nickname.
 1. Consider operating a [*bouncer*][IRC bouncers] or signing up for a [hosted service][IRC hosted] that provides a persistent connection.

</div></div></div></div>


[Element]: https://element.io/
[Element web interface]: https://app.element.io/
[IRC]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat
[IRC bouncers]: https://libera.chat/guides/clients#bouncer-clients
[IRC clients]: https://libera.chat/guides/clients
[IRC hosted]: https://libera.chat/guides/clients#connecting-without-installing-anything
[IRC registration]: https://libera.chat/guides/registration
[Matrix]: https://matrix.org/
[Matrix.org]: https://matrix.org/faq/#who-and-how
[Matrix bridges]: https://matrix.org/bridges/
[Matrix options]: https://matrix.org/docs/projects/try-matrix-now

Commit message:

Add instructions about Jitsi video meetings
re SeaGL/organization#288

meet.md, after:

---
layout: page
redirect_from:
  - /chat
---

<div class="row"><div class="col col-md-10 col-md-offset-1" markdown="1">

# Community Chat
{:.text-center}

SeaGL’s community meets on both Matrix and IRC:

<div class="row" style="margin-bottom: 1em;margin-top: 2em;">
  <div class="col col-sm-6 col-md-5 col-md-offset-1 col-lg-4 col-lg-offset-2">
    <div class="panel panel-primary text-center">
      <div class="panel-heading"><h2 class="panel-title">Matrix</h2></div>
      <div class="panel-body">
        <p>Join <code>#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org</code> in your preferred client, or:</p>
        <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org">Join Space</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col col-sm-6 col-md-5 col-lg-4">
    <div class="panel panel-primary text-center">
      <div class="panel-heading"><h2 class="panel-title">IRC</h2></div>
      <div class="panel-body">
        <p>Join <code>#SeaGL</code> on <a href="https://libera.chat/">Libera.Chat</a> in your preferred client, or:</p>
        <p><a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="https://irc.seagl.org/">Open Web Chat</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

The two systems are [*bridged*][Matrix bridges] so you can use either option.
If you’re not sure which to choose, we recommend Matrix.

<div class="row"><div class="col col-sm-6" markdown="1">

### About Matrix

[Matrix] is a modern chat system that:

  - offers popular **features**—group chat rooms, private messaging, message formatting, image and file sharing, voice and video calling, software integrations, and email notifications
  - is **decentralized** like email—Your account is “at” the provider of your choice, but you can communicate seamlessly across providers.

#### Getting started

Many [options][Matrix options] are available, but we recommend:

  - For a **service provider**, use [Matrix*.org*][Matrix.org], a public service operated by a non-profit foundation.
  - For **client software**, use [Element], an open source application for a variety of platforms including the web.

To begin:

 1. Open the [Element web interface]{:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}.
 1. Create an account.
 1. At <samp>Add room</samp> → <samp>Explore public rooms</samp>, enter `#SeaGL:seattlematrix.org` and click <samp>Join</samp>.

</div><div class="col col-sm-6" markdown="1">

### About IRC

[IRC] (*Internet Relay Chat*) is a text-based chat system that:

  - has an **established** history of use by internet communities and open source software projects
  - is **ephemeral** by default—If you’re not connected, you miss group chats and can’t be messaged.
  - can be used **without registration** of an account

#### Getting started

For **short-term** use, for example to ask a brief question or attend office hours, open the web chat above.

In the **long term**, you’ll likely want to:

 1. Install [client software][IRC clients] on your computer.
 1. [Reserve][IRC registration] your nickname.
 1. Consider operating a [*bouncer*][IRC bouncers] or signing up for a [hosted service][IRC hosted] that provides a persistent connection.

</div></div>

### Video meetings

Some rooms such as [Office Hours] are set up for optional video meetings. In addition to text chat via Matrix and IRC, a shared video call is available via [Jitsi Meet]. To access it:

  - A **link** to the video call will be available in the topic of the Matrix room and IRC channel. You can join the call by opening the link in your web browser or Jitsi Meet app.
  - If you’re using [Element], the video call will be **integrated** into your view of the Matrix room.

</div></div>


[Element]: https://element.io/
[Element web interface]: https://app.element.io/
[IRC]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat
[IRC bouncers]: https://libera.chat/guides/clients#bouncer-clients
[IRC clients]: https://libera.chat/guides/clients
[IRC hosted]: https://libera.chat/guides/clients#connecting-without-installing-anything
[IRC registration]: https://libera.chat/guides/registration
[Jitsi Meet]: https://jitsi.org/jitsi-meet/
[Matrix]: https://matrix.org/
[Matrix.org]: https://matrix.org/faq/#who-and-how
[Matrix bridges]: https://matrix.org/bridges/
[Matrix options]: https://matrix.org/docs/projects/try-matrix-now
[Office Hours]: /cfp
