---
layout: post
title: '2014 CFP is now open!'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
---

Our Call for Participation is Open!

[Submit your presentation]({{ site.custom.url.survey.cpf }})
now.

The Seattle GNU/Linux Conference is now seeking presenters. We want to present a
diverse and welcoming conference. We're also interested in hearing from people
who don't regularly present at conferences and people who have never presented
before. If it has something to do with GNU/Linux or free and open source software
and you're excited about it -- then we're excited about it! Below are some of
the things that we think our audience wants to hear about:

 * How to get involved in free/open source software
 * Dev/Ops - both beginner and advanced topics
 * Career tips and strategies
 * Web development tools and strategies
 * Policy and licensing that affects free and open source software development
 * Hardware, Embedded Linux or the Internet of Things
 * Scaling and optimizing GNU/Linux
 * The "cloud" and other distributed services
 * Building free and open source communities
 * Using free software at home, work or school
 * Security and privacy online
 * Anything else that you think would be interesting to new or seasoned GNU/Linux enthusiasts!

<strong>The CFP deadline is midnight on July 27th (PDT).</strong> We look forward to seeing you this fall in Seattle!

Feel free to contact us if you have any questions, either by
emailing {{ site.custom.a.email.participate }}
or visting us on IRC on
[Freenode]({{ site.custom.url.irc.network }}) in
[#seagl]({{ site.custom.url.irc.webchat }}).
