---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL speaker Q&A: Shauna Gordon-McKeon'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2015'
---

Keynote speaker Shauna Gordon-McKeon talks to SeaGL:

Q: Could you please introduce yourself and tell us a little about your
background?

My name's Shauna Gordon-McKeon, and my background is in the sciences. I was a
neuroscience researcher for several years during and after college, and that's
when I first started writing software, and understanding the difference
between free and proprietary software. I didn't leap into the free software
community right away, though - I was more focused on open data and open
knowledge. I started doing community organizing around government transparency
and around open access to scientific research, and as I learned more about
software I saw how FOSS fits in with that. To me, they're all manifestations
of the same core values - the belief that individuals have a right to
information about the world around them, whether that's the results of an
experiment or data about policing or what exactly a program is doing when you
run it on your computer.

Q: Without tipping your hand on the actual talk, can you give us an
idea of what we might expect?

I already did! Above, I mentioned the "core values" that draw me to free
software. My talk is going to be highlighting the values that matter to the
free software community - how individuals can follow their values to find
meaningful ways to contribute, and how we as a community can grow in alignment
with those values.

Q: Is this your first visit to SeaGL? If so, what are your expectations? If
not, can you give us your impressions of the event?

This will be my first visit to SeaGL, and I'm looking forward to it.  I've
heard wonderful things! I enjoy smaller conferences a great deal - they're
less rushed, and it's easier to connect with new people. I hope to have some
great conversations with members of the community, and to be back next year.
