---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL speaker Q&A: Jeremy Lindblom'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2015'
---

SeaGL asks Jeremy Lindblom a few questions:

Q: Could you please introduce yourself and tell us a little about your
background?

Hi, I'm Jeremy, or @jeremeamia on Twitter and GitHub. I'm a software engineer
and have been doing PHP/LAMP and web development for about 10 years. I
recently started working at McGraw-Hill Education, but I was working for
Amazon Web Services prior to that, which is what brought my family and me up to
the Seattle area. I'm a big fan of open source and have contributed to a
number of projects in the PHP community. I'm passionate about the PHP
community and have been running the Seattle PHP User Group for a few years and
also the Pacific Northwest PHP conference, which debuted last month. I am also
a frequent speaker at PHP conferences around the country.

Q: Without tipping your hand on the actual talk, can you give us an
idea of what we might expect?

My presentation is called "20 Years if PHP", and I want to talk about PHP and
how it has evolved over time. This year is PHP's 20th birthday, and the PHP
community is stronger than ever. In the latter part of last decade, PHP
dwindled, but there were some very important events that led to a renewal of
PHP, both in the language and community. I want to talk about all of that and
showcase the cool features, tools, and practices that are a part of modern
PHP.

Q: Is this your first visit to SeaGL? If so, what are your expectations? If
not, can you give us your impressions of the event?

This will be my first time at SeaGL. I've been trying to get involved in more
events outside of just PHP-themed ones. This event sounds awesome, and I'm
excited to attend.

Q: How can people get involved in the PHP community in the Seattle area?

A: The Seattle PHP User Group meets monthly to socialize and host technical
presentations about PHP topics and related technology and tools. Come hang out
with us. You can find us on Meetup.com (https://www.meetup.com/seaphp/) and on
Twitter (@seaphp).
