---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL speaker Q&A: Corey Quinn'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2015'
---

SeaGL talks with speaker Corey Quinn:

Q: Could you please introduce yourself and tell us a little about your
background?

Sure! I head up the DevOps group at FutureAdvisor in San Francisco. I'm fairly
active in the open source community personally -- I helped run the freenode IRC
network for over five years, I was one of the (very) early developers behind
SaltStack, and I've made it a point to build my team around the ethos of
giving back to the larger community. To be more direct, a job requirement here
is to contribute in some way to the larger community, be it through
contributions to open source software, writing blog posts, or tricking people
like you into letting people like me speak at community-oriented conferences
against your better judgement.

Q: Without tipping your hand on the actual talk, can you give us an
idea of what we might expect?

I've seen a lot of talks over the years that are fantastic technical
resources, but the audience wasn't particularly engaged, either due to a lack
of understanding of the material, or a lack of ability for the presenter to
paint a picture of what their technology actually did. To talk about a complex
subject like git almost requires that the talk be entertaining first, and
educational second. So let's just say that my talk is likely to be...
nontraditional.

Q: Is this your first visit to SeaGL? If so, what are your expectations? If
not, can you give us your impressions of the event?

I was at SeaGL last year, and it was absolutely one of the best conferences
I've had the privilege of attending. People were extremely welcoming, the
talks were interesting, and it was just a first class event all around.
