---
layout: post
title: 'Allison Randal and Corey Quinn to Keynote SeaGL 2016!'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2016'
---

We are very pleased to announce our 2016 Seattle GNU/Linux conference keynotes: Allison Randal, President of the [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/) and board member at the Perl Foundation, and Corey Quinn, Director of DevOps at a fintech company and longtime open source contributor.

Allison is also a software developer and open source strategist and a co-founder of the FLOSS Foundations group for open source leaders. She previously served as president of the Perl Foundation, chief architect of the Parrot virtual machine and chairman of the Board at the Parrot Foundation, board member at the Python Software Foundation, Open Source Evangelist and OSCON Conference Chair at O'Reilly Media, and Technical Architect of Ubuntu and Open Source Advisor at Canonical. She collaborates in the Debian, Python, and OpenStack projects, and currently works on open source strategy at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. [She's also been doing a lot of thinking about the future of open source,](https://allisonrandal.com/2015/07/22/the-future-of-open-source/) so we are really excited to hear from her at SeaGL this year!

Corey has a long and storied history as a consultant -- long, in that every year he did it felt like three years, and storied, in that he's got a few. Prior to his current role, he spent most of the past few years at a Bay Area consulting firm, where he served as a systems architect, ad-hoc recruiter, advocate for driving transformational change throughout organizations, and (due to a misunderstanding around what a "standup meeting" really was) an improvisational comic. One of the early developers behind Saltstack, Corey also has a rich history of contributing to various open source projects. Corey is a seasoned speaker with opinions about nearly all things DevOps [He isn't afraid to express these opinions in public,](https://opensource.com/business/16/4/linuxfest-northwest-interview-corey-quinn) and we expect nothing less from his inaugural keynote at SeaGL.

Both of our keynotes are previous, very much appreciated, regular session SeaGL speakers. If you were wondering, "How would I get to keynote SeaGL someday?" then a fantastic place to start is [by submitting a talk to our call for presentations this year!](/news/2016/05/13/CFP-Open)
