---
layout: post
title: '2016 CFP is now open!'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
---

Calling all speakers! Our 2016 Call for Participation is open!

We are a local Seattle conference dedicated to supporting newer local speakers! SeaGL welcomes speakers of various backgrounds and levels of experience -- Even
if you've never spoken at a technical conference. If you're excited about GNU/Linux technologies, or free and open source software and communities, then we want to hear your
ideas.

[Submit your
presentation](https://osem.seagl.org/conference/seagl2016/program/proposal/new)
now.

**The CFP deadline is midnight PDT, August 1, 2016.**

Our talk format is generally 50 minutes of speaking followed by 10 minutes of
questions. Here are some topic ideas:

* How to get involved in free and open source software
* Dev/Ops
* Career tips and strategies
* Web development tools
* Policy and licensing affecting free and open source software development
* Hardware, Embedded Linux, or the Internet of Things
* Scaling and optimizing GNU/Linux
* The "cloud" and other distributed services
* Building free and open source communities
* Using free software at home, work, or school
* Security and privacy online
* Anything else that you think would be interesting to new or seasoned GNU/Linux enthusiasts!

Feel free to contact us if you have any questions, either by
emailing {{ site.custom.a.email.participate }}
or visting us on IRC on
[Freenode]({{ site.custom.url.irc.network }}) in
[#seagl]({{ site.custom.url.irc.webchat }}).
