---
layout: post
title: 'FAQ about SeaGL'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2016'
---

Q: Is SeaGL really free?

A: We are both free as in cost and free as in freedom. We're able to keep SeaGL free because of all the amazing support we receive from [our generous sponsors.](/sponsors/2016) (Thanks, generous sponsors!)

Q: What kinds of people attend SeaGL?

A: Friendly folks who care about free software and increasing access to technology and people who are curious about free and open source software. We'll have plenty of content for beginners, experts, free software advocates and everyone in between. There will also be an expo floor where you can talk with local employers and some of the dot-orgs that make the Seattle tech scene so vibrant.

Q: What about the Saturday night party?

A: First of all, it will be fun! We've got Corey Quinn and VM Brasseur hosting an interactive variety show. We've also got food (including snacks for vegans and gluten intolerant folks) plus we are providing both tasty non-alcoholic drinks and some alcoholic ones. The party will be all-ages and free to attend. (Thanks again, sponsors!)

Q: I'm sold. How do I get to SeaGL?

A: We put together a handy post with all kinds of [travel and logistics information.](/news/2016/09/19/logistics-post) If you still have questions, get in touch and we'll do our best to help.

Contact us either by
emailing {{ site.custom.a.email.participate }}
or visting us on IRC on
[Freenode]({{ site.custom.url.irc.network }}) in
[#seagl]({{ site.custom.url.irc.webchat }}).
