---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL speaker Q&A: Tony Sebro'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2017'
---


Tony Sebro gives his talk titled, "ROI: Return on Inclusion" on [Friday afternoon](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2017/program/proposals/372).

Q: Could you please introduce yourself and tell us a little about your background?
 
A: Hi, I'm Tony Sebro.  I currently serve as General Counsel of Software Freedom Conservancy, a public charity that educates, empowers, and defends communities that develop ethical technology.  I'm also an organizer of Outreachy, an initiative that provides paid internships for people from groups underrepresented in tech to get introduced to free
and open source software.

I live in Harlem with my wife, Beth, and my son, Ezra.

Q: Without tipping your hand on the actual talk, can you give us an idea of what we might expect?

A: I plan to discuss how FLOSS communities benefits from investing in promoting diversity.

Q: Is this your first visit to SeaGL? If so, what are your expectations? If not, can you give us your impressions of the event?
 
A: This is my first time -- and, it will be my first time attending a community-organized conference.  I look forward to connecting with other attendees and learning more about how these events are organized.

Q: The Conservancy sounds great! Is there any way that our readers can support it's work?

A: Conservancy is a public charity; we depend on the public's generosity to carry on our work. If you'd like to support Conservancy, [become a Conservancy Supporter!](https://sfconservancy.org/supporter).

We also appreciate volunteers who donate their time and skills to help further our charitable mission. We’re always in need of skilled volunteers willing to help with systems administration, blogging, social media support, graphic design, photography and videography, web development, and documentation.  And, of course, we need volunteers to help us find new mentors and applicants to participate in our [Outreachy program.](https://www.outreachy.org/)

If you're interested in volunteering for Conservancy, please email us at volunteer@sfconservancy.org. Or, visit our IRC channel:  #conservancy on freenode.


