---
layout: post
title: 'The SeaGL 2019 Call for Papers is open!'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
---

**What's better than open source software? Open call for papers!**

> _The SeaGL leadership team does proposal review and feedback, both in IRC during office hours and via email. Please bring your talk ideas / proposals and we’ll help you polish them before you submit them to the CFP. See the [Help and mentoring for your proposals](#help) section for more information._

You may be thinking "I don't know if I'm ready to give a talk. I'm just a student / community member / manager / llama - people don't want to hear what I have to say". Poppycock! We want to hear all of your ooey-gooey open source thoughts.

Amplifying diverse voices and creating a welcoming space for everyone are core values for SeaGL. We welcome speakers of **all backgrounds and levels of experience** - especially first-time speakers and folx new to tech. If you’re excited about Free/Libre/Open technologies or communities, then we want to hear from you!

Because we’re a community-focused event based in Seattle, we’re particularly interested in hearing from new and experienced speakers from the Seattle and Pacific Northwest region, but we welcome proposals from anyone no matter where you’re based.

Note: **DO NOT INCLUDE YOUR NAME IN YOUR ABSTRACT**. 
Our conference software doesn't currently support anonymized reviews, but we do the best we can to review everything anonymized anyway. Your name is for your bio, not for your abstract. If you include your name in your abstract, **you are at risk of having your proposal voted down and not accepted.** We can't stress this enough. Don't do this.

Here’s what we cover in this CFP announcement. Feel free to jump to the section you need, though we encourage you to read it through at least once.

* [Important Dates](#dates)
* [Audience](#audience)
* [Talk Formats](#formats)
* [Talk Categories](#tracks)
  * [Topic Ideas](#ideas)
* [Proposal and Public Speaking Resources](#resources)
* [Proposal Help](#help)
* [Speaker Travel Support](#travel)
* [Code of Conduct](#coc)
* [Code of Practice](#cop)
* [Propose a Talk](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2019/program/proposals)

## Important Dates <a name="dates"></a>

* CFP Opens: June 17th, 2019
* CFP Closes: August 25th, 2019 - Midnight PDT
* Speaker Notifications: September 29th, 2019
* Schedule Published: October 20th, 2019
* SeaGL!: November 15-16, 2019

## Audience <a name="audience"></a>

SeaGL is honored to be hosted by [Seattle Central College](https://seattlecentral.edu/). Because our event occurs partly during their school week, we have not one but two audiences. Both audiences are present both days of the event, but each day has a larger proportion of one type of audience member:

1. Friday: School is in session, so many attendees are community college students. We try to schedule more introductory talks on this day to help the students get a firm grounding in FOSS and it's technologies.
1. Saturday: Weekend! We have fewer students and more professionals / hobbyists. This audience is more familiar with technology in general and often is looking for more advanced talks.

## Talk Formats <a name="formats"></a>

SeaGL has 2 talk formats:

* **20 minutes**: Introduce the audience to a technology, concept, or idea you think is neat.
* **50 minutes**: Go more in depth, do a demo, cover a broader topic. This is your chance to educate the audience about something you enjoy.

Both of these time slots **include the Q&A time**. Please time your presentations accordingly, and leave 5-10 minutes for questions.

We do **not** have workshop (60+ minute) slots available at SeaGL and will not be opening any. Please do not propose talks that cannot be presented well within the two time slot options above.

[Propose a talk.](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2019/program/proposals)

## Talk Categories <a name="tracks"></a>

SeaGL doesn't do "tracks" like many other conferences do, but we do use tracks to make sure we have a nice balance of subjects covered during the event. Think of them more like _categories_ than _tracks_. You can select from one of the following categories when creating your proposal:

* Data/AI/ML
* Design/UI/UX/Accessibility
* Documentation
* Education
* Hardware/IoT
* Legal/Licensing
* People
* Programming
* Security/InfoSec
* Something different
* Systems/Ops

Don't worry if your talk isn't a snug fit in any of the categories. It's not a problem and we don't mind at all. Just pick the one that's the closest fit or use the _Something different_ category.

[Propose a talk.](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2019/program/proposals)

### Topic Ideas <a name="ideas"></a>

Not sure what to propose? Here are some ideas!

* How to get involved in free and open source software
* DevOps, system administration, infrastructure, CI/CD
* Web development tools and techniques
* Policy and licensing affecting free and open source software use or development
* Hardware, embedded Linux, or the Internet of Things
* The cloud and other distributed services
* Building free and open source communities
* Using free software at home, work, or school
* Security and privacy online
* Writing testable code, and testing in general
* Effective documentation patterns and strategies
* Free and open software on non-GNU/Linux platforms (Windows, macOS)
* Anything else that you think would be interesting to Free/Libre/Open source fans!

[Propose a talk.](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2019/program/proposals)

## Proposal and Public Speaking Resources <a name="resources"></a>

Never presented at a conference or meetup before? Presented but still not feeling confident? It's OK, even the most experienced conference presenters aren't necessarily confident at this stuff.

The [Public_Speaking](https://github.com/vmbrasseur/Public_Speaking) repository has collected a lot of resources to help you level up in your conference presenting.

Pay particular attention to the [Proposing talks](https://github.com/vmbrasseur/Public_Speaking#proposing-talks) section of this page. Follow these tips and your talk proposals will stand a better chance of being selected.

**PLEASE NOTE**: Whether your talk is accepted or not often doesn't have as much to do with how great your proposal is as it does with how many speaking slots the conference has available and the balance of the program the organisers need to craft. It's nothing personal: we just don't have enough time to accept all the great talk proposals we receive.

[Propose a talk.](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2019/program/proposals)

## Proposal Help <a name="help"></a>

Want feedback on your proposal idea, wording, title, or how to deal with nerves? The speaker committee is running CFP office hours during the CFP. We'll do everything possible to help you be successful with your proposal and presentation. See [this blog post](https://seagl.org/2019/06/17/TODO) for details.

All office hours are held in the `#seagl` IRC channel on Freenode IRC. Don't worry if you're not familiar with IRC. Just [click here for the webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23seagl), choose a nickname, and you're good to go!

If you'd like assistance outside of the office hours, please email us at [cfp-help@seagl.org](mailto:cfp-help@seagl.org). We welcome all questions that arrive between June 17th and August 25th.

## Speaker travel support <a name="travel"></a>

As SeaGL is a **free, volunteer-led conference**, we regret that we are unable to help with the cost of travel and accommodation for speakers at this time.

## Code of Conduct <a name="coc"></a>

All speakers and attendees of SeaGL must agree and adhere to the [Code of Conduct](http://seagl.org/code_of_conduct.html) for the safety and enjoyment of all organizers, volunteers, speakers, and attendees. We ask that all prospective speakers review and confirm their willingness to abide by the Code of Conduct terms and expectations when interacting within SeaGL community spaces. 

## Code of Practice <a name="cop"></a>

All members of the SeaGL Program Committee have agreed to operate according to our [Code of Practice](http://seagl.org/news/2018/04/09/code_of_practice.html).

## [Propose a talk](https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2019/program/proposals)
