---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL going virtual due to COVID-19 aka Novel Coronavirus'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
---

**tl;dr
* SeaGL will be virtual
* November 13-14, 2020
* Volunteer at volunteer@seagl.org**

We have made the exciting decision to take SeaGL entirely virtual.  We are happy to follow in the footsteps of other terrific open source conferences who also want to keep our communities together during this time.  The coronavirus has outlasted early predictions, so we are taking steps to ensure the longevity of SeaGL as a community in the event that we are still (or again) under shelter-in-place orders or need to avoid gatherings.

The committees are in deep discussion as to what this means, and we are throwing everything on the table to consider how to truly make this a community event for our speakers, attendees, volunteers, as well as the student walk-ins we welcome from Seattle Central College, our generous physical host.  We discussed planning a hybrid event, but landed on full-virtual as that will be the easiest to plan for and predict, particularly for our speakers and keynotes who will know exactly the format they'll be presenting in when they submit their talk.  We want folks to have as much preparation and information as we possibly can offer, and that meant cementing this critical detail.

So!  We are so excited to pilot a great virtual event that is community-driven, and we are so excited to have you along for the ride!  We're all new to this, but we really feel like SeaGL is the perfect conference for this adaptation - we're already free, and the conference is now in its eighth year.  Our legacy and our community are what we are.  Keep your ears open and watch the twitter at [https://www.twitter.com/seagl](@SeaGL) for more info as we get closer to the date, which remains **November 13-14, 2020**.  If you have anything you'd like to share, you can tweet at us up there or message us on IRC at #seagl on freenode, and info@seagl.org.

Also, we are looking for volunteers!  Most immediately, we are looking for folks for the Program committee - you'll be joining a fairly well-oiled machine, given discrete tasks, and get a view of how we run the program.  We're also looking for a dedicated social media human, as getting the word out will be more important than ever, and some dedication on this role will make a wonderful difference.  We'll also need room moderators for talks, and we want to hear your dreams for making an amazing virtual event.  Please email us at volunteer@seagl.org to get started, whether for moderation, program, or general volunteer.

So watch this space as always, and until then, please take care of each other, check in, safely, with your neighbors, drink lots of water, and check if your favorite restaurant will do a curbside pickup!
