---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL 2021 stays virtual'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2021'
---

Like many other conferences, the SeaGL staff has given a lot of thought to the format.
After much discussion and consideration of the general landscape, we have decided that **SeaGL 2021 will be a virtual event**.

Last year's first-ever virtual SeaGL was a great success, and we're confident that we can deliver another delightful virtual experience this year!
We loved how the remote format brought SeaGL to a wider audience, although we absolutely miss flocking together.

Seagulls are not particularly known for clairvoyance, and we didn't feel as though we could predict what the pandemic situation will look like in early November.
We are encouraged by the progress being made on vaccinations, but we understand that many people will still be hesitant to attend in-person events.
We're still holding open the idea of doing an in-person meetup for those of you in the Seattle area, but the conference proper will remain online in 2021.

Join us on *the Internet*, Friday, November 5 and Saturday, November 6, 2021!

We will be announcing the Call for Participation soon.
In the meantime, we're always looking for more help with planning the conference.
Please reach out to participate@seagl.org if you'd like to help with a well-defined, well-supported volunteer role as we ramp up to this year's conference organization.
Many of our volunteers have been helping with the conference for years, so you'll be joining an established team of people who care deeply about free software and community in equal measure!
