---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL 2021 Call For Proposals'
status: publish
type: post
published: false
categories: news
---

Welcome to the 2021 SeaGL Call For Proposals!  As every year, we want to hear from YOU, and we're always looking for speakers who are traditionally underrepresented in tech, and people with perspectives uncommonly heard.  Because we're virtual for the second year in a row, there is opportunity for speakers anywhere in the world to submit talks!  In 2020, we had talks from four continents!!  So let's take advantage of our virtual closeness for another year.

### Details
CFP Open: Tuesday 15 June 2021
CFP Close: Thursday 5 August 2021
Acceptances: ~Monday 6 September 2021
Finalized Speakers: Monday 19 September 2021
Program Published: Monday 26 September 2021
CONFERENCE: Friday 5 November and Saturday 6 November 2021!
Submit at: [OSEM](https://osem.seagl.org)

### Code of Practice
Since 2017, we have written and held ourselves as the Program Committee to a Code of Practice.  Within the confines of the reviewing system, we will review talks without names, give feedback when requested, and hold office hours (more on that below!).  Check out our recent blog post on this year's [Code Of Practice](https://TODO).

### Code of Conduct
The [SeaGL Code of Conduct](http://seagl.org/code_of_conduct.html) applies to all staff, all volunteers, all speakers and keynotes, all attendees and viewers, and all sponsors.  SeaGL is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone; regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, nationality, race, or religion.  We do not tolerate harassment of conference staff, volunteers, presenters, attendees, and participants in any form.  Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference, without a refund, at the discretion of the conference organizers.
These are more than words, they are a framework that we have used and will use in the future when the situation calls for it.  We encourage you to become familiar with the contents of the [SeaGL Code of Conduct](http://seagl.org/code_of_conduct.html), as you indicate your strong agreement to these principles in submitting a talk, attending the conference, volunteering, sponsoring, or otherwise participating in the conference.

### How To Submit
First, you'll go to SeaGL's [OSEM](https://osem.seagl.org) and either create an account or log in to an account you have previously used, if you choose.  For those of you who have submitted before, this is the same system as the last several years.  We are working on migrating to a new system but it's not there just yet.

 ... instructions TODO ...

### Talk categories and "vibe"
SeaGL is a very special conference.  We're a community-focused Free/Libre Open Source Software annual event in Seattle, and for the last two years, all over the world!  We're looking for technical talks from folks who usually give community talks, and activism talks from folks who usually give coding deep dives, and so forth. We would love to see you out of your comfort zone.  The categories we used last year were, loosely: Security, Community, Career Development, Tech Culture, Tools, Virtual Life & Work, DevOps, Performance Art! and Miscellaneous, and we had amazing submissions as a result, like Devops Standup and several talks on labor organizing!  We're an independent bunch but we still like to take care of each other.

Some of the kinds of talks we are not looking for are sponsored talks, or a talk of any kind which is submitted on behalf of someone else.  If you would like to be a part of our community, the bar is not high, so we do ask that for your participation, it is fully you who wants to spend this time with us at SeaGL.

We're not very likely to accept broad introductory talks, but specific, scoped introductions to a discrete part of the Operations or Network/Sysadmin world are very sought after, and we also love talks on the broad theme of "hacking for good", and personal security as well.  Are you making choices for your personal technology outside of Amazon/Google/Apple/other giants?  We would love to hear about that too!

### Office Hours
SeaGL pioneered the idea of CFP Office Hours, and we continue to hold them each year while the Call is open.  Please join us on IRC (link TODO) every week at (time TODO).  You can get advice on your talks, workshop topics, refine little things, or get broad help choosing something you feel great about submitting!
