---
layout: post
title: 'Virtual SeaGL in 2022'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: 2022 Virtual
---

SeaGL has decided to remain virtual for our 10th conference, on November 4th and 5th, 2022. The SeaGL staff have given a lot of thought to the format, and we want to avoid last-minute venue changes and disruption of travel plans due to health and safety requirements. We look forward to running a hybrid event and seeing people in person for our 11th conference in 2023. 

As hinted above, planning for this year's event is already underway. We are in the process of arranging keynote speakers, and our Call for Papers will be opening this month. We are also starting promotion to attract you, our audience. 

SeaGL is an inclusive, grass-roots FLOSS conference with volunteers from many time zones and multiple continents. In addition to Matrix, IRC, and mailing lists, we coordinate with bi-weekly meetings in Jitsi (18:00 Pacific Time on Tuesdays). Please contact us via email, Matrix or IRC if you would like to participate. Specifically, the following committees could use some extra help this year: 

Partnerships - finds and signs sponsors; partners with community organizations 

Public Relations - creates, edits and manages PR materials such as blogs posts, social media strategy and SeaGL artwork 

IDEA (Inclusion Diversity Equitable Accessible) - outreach to improve our interaction with the entire community 

Volunteer - mostly volunteer coordination leading up to and during the event while also reaching out for new volunteers throughout the year 

Tech - we have a strong tech team, but there's always more we'd like to build 

Let us know you'd like to volunteer for SeaGL at: 

Email - participate@SeaGL.org

Matrix - https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org

IRC - #SeaGL on Libera.chat 

SeaGL is a grassroots conference.
It exists for the community and because of the community.
If you want to help, we're always [looking for volunteers](https://SeaGL.org/get_involved.html).

SeaGL will take place November 4-5, 2022.
