---
layout: post
title: 'Kicking off SeaGL 2022'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2022'
---

Do seagulls hibernate?
Maybe!
But after a winter of resting our feathers, it's time to take flight again.
And this year is special: it's the tenth SeaGL!
That's right: a whole decade of free and open source software enthusiasts coming together.

Every SeaGL has been special, but we want to make this year even more special.
To do that, we need your help!
SeaGL has always been a free—as in freedom and tea—grassroots technical summit.
That doesn't happen without our amazing community volunteers.
If you're willing to lend a wing, we want to [hear from you](/get_involved).
And if your employer wants to join our illustrious list of [sponsors](/sponsors), we'll have a sponsorship prospectus soon.

You may have already seen our [call for keynote nominations](/news/2022/04/15/keynote-nomination).
We'd love to hear your suggestions for keynote speakers.
If you'd like to speak in one of our program tracks, the call for participation will be posted in the coming months.

One thing that you may be wondering is: where will SeaGL 2022 *be*?
The last two years, we have had a virtual SeaGL with great success.
Being virtual has allowed us to reach all parts of the globe and make new friends we'd have never met.
But we also know that there's something special about being together in person that just can't be replicated online.
The safety of our community is paramount, so we're still working on a plan for this year.

However we get together, we hope to see you November 4–5!
