---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL 2025 Call For Proposals'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2025'
---

The Call for Presentations has officially opened as of last week (April 26) during the 25th LinuxFest Northwest conference. It will remain open until June 15, 2025, so don't delay!

We welcome specific introductions to open-source software, hardware, and tools, as well as technical deep-dives. In addition to technical talks, we invite presentations on FLOSS alternatives to big tech companies' products, hacking for good, personal security and privacy, and open source in non-tech domains such as education and art.

Please note that we are not looking for sponsored talks. However, you can review our Sponsorship Prospectus for details on how to reach our attendees through other means. As a small community event, our attendees tend to be university students, open-source hobbyists, engineers, security professionals, technical writers, and more, with a focus on community rather than corporate involvement.

## Updates for 2025

This year, we have updated one of our tracks. The "Big Data and Machine Learning" track name felt somewhat outdated, so it has been split into two separate tracks:
- **Open Source AI and Data Science**: Explore the interplay between AI, data, and free/libre/open-source licensing. This topic includes ML frameworks, data tools, MLOps solutions, or open datasets. We're interested in everything from technical deep dives to big-picture perspectives.
- **Cloud and Infrastructure**: This category focuses on the systems that power computing environments. Topics include core infrastructure, which can be both physical and virtual, such as servers, networks, and databases. It also covers cloud computing services, spanning everything from infrastructure and deployment to monitoring and telemetry.

For details on all our available tracks and to submit your application(s), please visit: [https://seagl.org/cfp](https://seagl.org/cfp)

## About Keynotes

The keynote selection process begins much earlier in the year. Anyone can submit a nomination, and this form is open year-round. In fact, we encourage you to take a look and submit anyone you would like to see keynote at SeaGL next year: [Submit a Keynote nomination for 2026](https://seagl.org/keynote_suggestions). The vote for choosing a candidate is held by all staff volunteers, so if you want to be part of the process, consider [joining us as a volunteer](https://seagl.org/get_involved) and attending our meetings. We have four spots available for keynoters. Two are reserved for experienced keynoters, notable individuals from academia or industry who have given keynotes before. The other two spots are for first-time keynoters, notable community members who have given talks in the past but have never had the opportunity to keynote. Currently, we are already in the process of contacting our most highly voted nominees and awaiting their responses.
