---
layout: post
title: 'SeaGL 2026 Call For Presentations'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2026'
---

We need your help to make the 14th edition of SeaGL the best conference that it can possibly be!  The [SeaGL 2026 Call for Presentations (CfP)](/cfp) is now open, and we want to hear your talk ideas.  You have until **May 31, 2026 at 23:59 Pacific Daylight Time** to submit.  Please don’t delay; submit early, submit often!

We're a small community-focused event which aims to bring together new and experienced open source hobbyists.  Our audience includes university students, security professionals, software engineers, technical writers, and open source contributors across a wide range of disciplines.

We welcome introductions to free/libre/open (FLO) software, hardware, and tools, as well as more technical deep-dives. In addition to technical talks, we invite presentations on FLOSS alternatives to proprietary products, hacking for good, personal security and privacy, and open source in non-tech domains such as education and art.

*We **do not** accept sponsored talks*.  If your company wants to get involved, you can find more information on our [sponsorship page](/sponsor).

This year's Program Committee is run by [Dina Buric](https://github.com/polygonart6777) and [Dawn Cooper](https://github.com/lisushka).

## Keynote nominations

We also need your help to find our 2026 keynote speakers!  We have four keynote speakers each year, and have done [since 2018](/news/2018/04/30/keynote_selection_process).  Two slots are reserved for people with previous keynote speaking experience.  The other two slots are for first-time keynoters.

Our keynote speakers are generally well-known in the open source community.  They may be involved with community organising, contribute to free software, or use open source products in innovative ways.  If that sounds like you, or someone you know, please submit their name to [our keynote suggestion form](/keynote_suggestions).

Once the submission form has closed for the year, our volunteers vote on the submitted names and send out invites to our top choices.  If you want to be part of that process, please consider [joining our volunteer team](/get_involved)!

## Spread the word

Don't have a talk idea, but still want to help?

- Share our CfP at your workplace and in community groups.  The more the merrier!
- If you know someone who might make a good keynote speaker, [share their name with us](/keynote_suggestions).
- Tell your friends about SeaGL, and ask them to tell their friends!
- Distribute [our flyers](/fliers/2026/) in shared spaces and on bulletin boards. 
- Share our [sponsorship page](/sponsor) with projects and companies that may be interested in partnering with us.

SeaGL wouldn't exist without our community, and we greatly appreciate your help in promoting our event.

---

Remember to submit early and often, and watch our blog for more updates.  We hope to see you at SeaGL 2026!
