_archive-sessions/2025/productive-parallel-programming-with-chapel.md, before:

---
title: Productive parallel programming from laptops to supercomputers with Chapel
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/talk/WDYNZF/
beginning: '2025-11-07T10:30:00-08:00'
end: '2025-11-07T11:20:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Brad Chamberlain
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/speaker/HF7F9E/
  biography: Brad Chamberlain is a Distinguished Technologist at Hewlett Packard Enterprise
    (formerly Cray Inc.) who has spent his career focused on user productivity for
    HPC systems, particularly through the design and development of the Chapel parallel
    programming language (<https://chapel-lang.org>). He received his Ph.D in Computer
    Science & Engineering from the University of Washington in 2001 where he focused
    on the ZPL parallel array language, and he remains associated with the department
    as an affiliate professor of the Paul G. Allen School.
---

This talk will introduce Chapel (<https://chapel-lang.org>), an open-source programming language designed to support parallel computing on multicore CPUs and GPUs, whether on personal laptops, the cloud, or the world's largest supercomputers. Chapel's goal is to support code that's as easy to read and write as Python, yet with performance and scalability that matches C, C++, OpenMP, CUDA, MPI, and other low-level approaches. This talk will cover Chapel's motivation and features, while also surveying a few flagship applications that have been written using it.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2025 archive

_archive-sessions/2025/productive-parallel-programming-with-chapel.md, after:

---
title: Productive parallel programming from laptops to supercomputers with Chapel
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/talk/WDYNZF/
beginning: '2025-11-07T10:30:00-08:00'
end: '2025-11-07T11:20:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2025-Productive_parallel_programming_from_laptops_to_supercomputers_with_Chapel
presenters:
- name: Brad Chamberlain
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/speaker/HF7F9E/
  biography: Brad Chamberlain is a Distinguished Technologist at Hewlett Packard Enterprise
    (formerly Cray Inc.) who has spent his career focused on user productivity for
    HPC systems, particularly through the design and development of the Chapel parallel
    programming language (<https://chapel-lang.org>). He received his Ph.D in Computer
    Science & Engineering from the University of Washington in 2001 where he focused
    on the ZPL parallel array language, and he remains associated with the department
    as an affiliate professor of the Paul G. Allen School.
---

This talk will introduce Chapel (<https://chapel-lang.org>), an open-source programming language designed to support parallel computing on multicore CPUs and GPUs, whether on personal laptops, the cloud, or the world's largest supercomputers. Chapel's goal is to support code that's as easy to read and write as Python, yet with performance and scalability that matches C, C++, OpenMP, CUDA, MPI, and other low-level approaches. This talk will cover Chapel's motivation and features, while also surveying a few flagship applications that have been written using it.
