_archive-sessions/2025/the-cathedral-and-the-bizarre-ii.md, before:

---
title: 'The Cathedral and the Bizarre II: Branches of Faith or, Committing Code Not Sins'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/talk/SVTBXG/
beginning: '2025-11-07T14:00:00-08:00'
end: '2025-11-07T14:50:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Toby Betts
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/speaker/W88XVL/
  biography: Toby Betts has been breaking and, when possible, fixing computers since
    childhood. He has worked as a system administrator, a service engineer, a site
    reliability engineer, and a free and open source software consultant for mid-
    to large-sized businesses for over 25 years. His main interests are system security,
    free cryptography, and fun file systems.
---

Git is a major part of modern software development. It is the de facto open source version control platform, enabling developers worldwide to work concurrently without conflicts. Its robust branching and merging features facilitate both parallel development and efficient project management in a culture that encourages the use of Git as a universal tool for managing code in many varied settings and for adapting your dev process to fit its design. This talk will outline the TempleOS development environment, tips and tricks for writing software in the HolyC programming language, and how an operating system without a network stack can still follow modern development practices.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2025 archive

_archive-sessions/2025/the-cathedral-and-the-bizarre-ii.md, after:

---
title: 'The Cathedral and the Bizarre II: Branches of Faith or, Committing Code Not Sins'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/talk/SVTBXG/
beginning: '2025-11-07T14:00:00-08:00'
end: '2025-11-07T14:50:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2025-The_Cathedral_and_the_Bizarre_II
presenters:
- name: Toby Betts
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/speaker/W88XVL/
  biography: Toby Betts has been breaking and, when possible, fixing computers since
    childhood. He has worked as a system administrator, a service engineer, a site
    reliability engineer, and a free and open source software consultant for mid-
    to large-sized businesses for over 25 years. His main interests are system security,
    free cryptography, and fun file systems.
---

Git is a major part of modern software development. It is the de facto open source version control platform, enabling developers worldwide to work concurrently without conflicts. Its robust branching and merging features facilitate both parallel development and efficient project management in a culture that encourages the use of Git as a universal tool for managing code in many varied settings and for adapting your dev process to fit its design. This talk will outline the TempleOS development environment, tips and tricks for writing software in the HolyC programming language, and how an operating system without a network stack can still follow modern development practices.
