_archive-sessions/2025/whats-a-data-lake-and-what-does-it-mean-for-my-open-source-analytics-stack.md, before:

---
title: What's a Data Lake and What Does It Mean For My Open Source Analytics Stack?
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/talk/D7VANS/
beginning: '2025-11-07T11:30:00-08:00'
end: '2025-11-07T11:50:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Robert Hodges
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/speaker/CP7PJE/
  biography: Robert Hodges serves as CEO at Altinity, an enterprise provider for ClickHouse.
    Robert has over 30 years of experience with database systems and applications
    including pre-relational databases such as M204, online SQL transaction processing,
    Hadoop, and analytics. In the last few years, his work has focused on analytical
    databases, Kubernetes, and open source. Robert is the founder of the Open Source
    Analytics Conference (osacon.io).
---

Data lakes on open table formats like Iceberg are a popular way to manage large datasets for analytics, data science, and AI. This talk explains how data lakes work and how to adapt open source analytic stacks to use them. First, we'll tour projects like Arrow, Iceberg, and Unity Catalog that make data lakes possible. Next, we'll see how analytic engines like DuckDB, ClickHouse, and Spark are adapting. Finally, we'll survey a few projects that enable applications written in Python, Golang, or Rust to deliver fast query. You'll have to build the app yourself but this talk will show you a path to use data lakes and open source successfully.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2025 archive

_archive-sessions/2025/whats-a-data-lake-and-what-does-it-mean-for-my-open-source-analytics-stack.md, after:

---
title: What's a Data Lake and What Does It Mean For My Open Source Analytics Stack?
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/talk/D7VANS/
beginning: '2025-11-07T11:30:00-08:00'
end: '2025-11-07T11:50:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2025-Whats_a_Data_Lake_and_What_Does_It_Mean_For_My_Open_Source_Analytics_Stack
presenters:
- name: Robert Hodges
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2025/speaker/CP7PJE/
  biography: Robert Hodges serves as CEO at Altinity, an enterprise provider for ClickHouse.
    Robert has over 30 years of experience with database systems and applications
    including pre-relational databases such as M204, online SQL transaction processing,
    Hadoop, and analytics. In the last few years, his work has focused on analytical
    databases, Kubernetes, and open source. Robert is the founder of the Open Source
    Analytics Conference (osacon.io).
---

Data lakes on open table formats like Iceberg are a popular way to manage large datasets for analytics, data science, and AI. This talk explains how data lakes work and how to adapt open source analytic stacks to use them. First, we'll tour projects like Arrow, Iceberg, and Unity Catalog that make data lakes possible. Next, we'll see how analytic engines like DuckDB, ClickHouse, and Spark are adapting. Finally, we'll survey a few projects that enable applications written in Python, Golang, or Rust to deliver fast query. You'll have to build the app yourself but this talk will show you a path to use data lakes and open source successfully.
