_archive-sessions/2024/can-llms-double-the-number-of-open-source-developers.md, before:

---
title: Can large language models double the number of open source developers?
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/98UCLW/
beginning: '2024-11-09T13:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T13:50:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Helin Cao
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/8FDRAS/
  biography: Helin Cao, PhD, co-founded a few open source projects and an AI startup.
    Now, full time in large language model application development.
---

In this presentation, we will explore the transformative potential of large language models (LLMs) in reshaping the landscape of open-source software. As LLMs continue to advance, the traditional paradigm of software development is undergoing a significant shift; many software features are now being replaced by conversational interactions with LLMs. Central to this evolution is the realization that software essentially combines personal data with unique workflows—elements that can be efficiently “coded” through natural language prompts. Looking ahead, the future of open-source may resemble a collection of “dinner recipes” rather than rigid scripts, effectively lowering technical barriers and democratizing access to technology.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

_archive-sessions/2024/can-llms-double-the-number-of-open-source-developers.md, after:

---
title: Can large language models double the number of open source developers?
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/98UCLW/
beginning: '2024-11-09T13:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T13:50:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-Can_LLMs_double_the_number_of_open_source_developers
presenters:
- name: Helin Cao
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/8FDRAS/
  biography: Helin Cao, PhD, co-founded a few open source projects and an AI startup.
    Now, full time in large language model application development.
---

In this presentation, we will explore the transformative potential of large language models (LLMs) in reshaping the landscape of open-source software. As LLMs continue to advance, the traditional paradigm of software development is undergoing a significant shift; many software features are now being replaced by conversational interactions with LLMs. Central to this evolution is the realization that software essentially combines personal data with unique workflows—elements that can be efficiently “coded” through natural language prompts. Looking ahead, the future of open-source may resemble a collection of “dinner recipes” rather than rigid scripts, effectively lowering technical barriers and democratizing access to technology.
