_archive-sessions/2024/from-terrafied-to-terrafirm.md, before:

---
title: 'From Terra-fied to Terra-firm: A Mob''s Quest to Conquer Terraform'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/LVFUFV/
beginning: '2024-11-08T17:00:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-08T17:20:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Susan Fung
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/8JSL88/
  biography: What began as a hobby has evolved into a true passion. Now a software
    developer with more than 5 years of experience, in her spare time, Susan volunteers
    as an organizer for both the Calgary Software Crafters and the Software Developers
    of Calgary. Additionally, she actively contributes to the weekly mob programming
    sessions with Approval Tests.
---

Join us for an engaging and humorous journey into the world of mob programming and Terraform mastery. In this talk, we'll explore how a seemingly simple task turned into a four-month odyssey for Homero, a software developer looking for a simple ticket. Discover how his solo struggle with a two-line code change blossomed into a team-wide learning experience.

Through the power of mob programming, our team transformed individual expertise into collective knowledge, tackling complex Terraform tasks together. We'll share the highs and lows, the laughs and lessons, and how we condensed months of learning into just one week. If you are looking to enhance your team's collaboration, this talk will provide valuable insights and practical tips.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive (#447)
* Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

* Remove invalid identifiers

---------

Co-authored-by: AlfredoMS <virtual.ams@gmail.com>

_archive-sessions/2024/from-terrafied-to-terrafirm.md, after:

---
title: 'From Terra-fied to Terra-firm: A Mob''s Quest to Conquer Terraform'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/LVFUFV/
beginning: '2024-11-08T17:00:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-08T17:20:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-From_Terrafied_to_Terrafirm
presenters:
- name: Susan Fung
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/8JSL88/
  biography: What began as a hobby has evolved into a true passion. Now a software
    developer with more than 5 years of experience, in her spare time, Susan volunteers
    as an organizer for both the Calgary Software Crafters and the Software Developers
    of Calgary. Additionally, she actively contributes to the weekly mob programming
    sessions with Approval Tests.
---

Join us for an engaging and humorous journey into the world of mob programming and Terraform mastery. In this talk, we'll explore how a seemingly simple task turned into a four-month odyssey for Homero, a software developer looking for a simple ticket. Discover how his solo struggle with a two-line code change blossomed into a team-wide learning experience.

Through the power of mob programming, our team transformed individual expertise into collective knowledge, tackling complex Terraform tasks together. We'll share the highs and lows, the laughs and lessons, and how we condensed months of learning into just one week. If you are looking to enhance your team's collaboration, this talk will provide valuable insights and practical tips.
