_archive-sessions/2024/my-pi-in-the-sky.md, before:

---
title: My Pi in the Sky - Running MySQL on a Raspberry Pi and Replicating Data to
  the Cloud
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/8BP3MN/
beginning: '2024-11-09T14:00:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T14:50:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Scott Stroz
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/TT9X9A/
  biography: Scott has been full-stack developer for longer than the term "full-stack
    developer" has been around. In that time, MySQL was the only constant in his development
    stack. He is passionate about sharing what he has learned on his coding journey
    so others may learn from his mistakes.
---

Did you know you can run MySQL on a Raspberry Pi and replicate the data to the cloud?

In this session, we will cover how to install MySQL on a Raspberry Pi, give a brief overview of how to store data on this MySQL instance, demonstrate an application that can visualize that data, and finally, how you can replicate that data to a MySQL instance running in the cloud.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive (#447)
* Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

* Remove invalid identifiers

---------

Co-authored-by: AlfredoMS <virtual.ams@gmail.com>

_archive-sessions/2024/my-pi-in-the-sky.md, after:

---
title: My Pi in the Sky - Running MySQL on a Raspberry Pi and Replicating Data to
  the Cloud
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/8BP3MN/
beginning: '2024-11-09T14:00:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T14:50:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-My_Pi_in_the_Sky
presenters:
- name: Scott Stroz
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/TT9X9A/
  biography: Scott has been full-stack developer for longer than the term "full-stack
    developer" has been around. In that time, MySQL was the only constant in his development
    stack. He is passionate about sharing what he has learned on his coding journey
    so others may learn from his mistakes.
---

Did you know you can run MySQL on a Raspberry Pi and replicate the data to the cloud?

In this session, we will cover how to install MySQL on a Raspberry Pi, give a brief overview of how to store data on this MySQL instance, demonstrate an application that can visualize that data, and finally, how you can replicate that data to a MySQL instance running in the cloud.
