_archive-sessions/2024/nixos-is-terrible-and-also-i-can-never-go-back.md, before:

---
title: NixOS is terrible, and also I can never go back
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/C9RRWQ/
beginning: '2024-11-08T14:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-08T15:20:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Shelvacu
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/B978UW/
  biography: Professional software engineer for over 7 years, hobbyist programmer
    since I was a kid. I enjoy programming in Rust and spend too much time tweaking
    my nix configs.
---

I use NixOS btw, the hot new distro that all the Arch Linux users have been hopping to. It's a complete overhaul of how linux filesystems are usually laid out. It boasts easy rollbacks of software & config by default, the biggest software repository, and being able to configure everything about your system from one file.

NixOS is also a frustrating experience sometimes. You have to learn a new programming language. The documentation is messy and incomplete. The community is split on many things. There's two ways to do everything.

In this talk, I hope to give you an asterisks-included overview of NixOS and why you should use it.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

_archive-sessions/2024/nixos-is-terrible-and-also-i-can-never-go-back.md, after:

---
title: NixOS is terrible, and also I can never go back
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/C9RRWQ/
beginning: '2024-11-08T14:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-08T15:20:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-NixOS_is_terrible_and_also_I_can_never_go_back
presenters:
- name: Shelvacu
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/B978UW/
  biography: Professional software engineer for over 7 years, hobbyist programmer
    since I was a kid. I enjoy programming in Rust and spend too much time tweaking
    my nix configs.
---

I use NixOS btw, the hot new distro that all the Arch Linux users have been hopping to. It's a complete overhaul of how linux filesystems are usually laid out. It boasts easy rollbacks of software & config by default, the biggest software repository, and being able to configure everything about your system from one file.

NixOS is also a frustrating experience sometimes. You have to learn a new programming language. The documentation is messy and incomplete. The community is split on many things. There's two ways to do everything.

In this talk, I hope to give you an asterisks-included overview of NixOS and why you should use it.
