_archive-sessions/2024/the-business-case-for-open-source-software.md, before:

---
title: The Business Case for Open Source Software for IT Leadership Skeptics
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/NRMYBL/
beginning: '2024-11-09T10:00:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T10:20:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Keegan Justis
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/JQFLEX/
  biography: Keegan Justis is a seasoned Senior DevSecOps Engineer with a wealth of
    experience in cloud computing, security, artificial intelligence, and software
    development. He excels in ensuring reliable and scalable systems while driving
    innovation and efficiency in IT operations. Passionate about continuous learning,
    Keegan shares his insights through his blog on Medium. Beyond his professional
    expertise, he is an avid reader and traveler.
abstract: Explores the compelling reasons why organizations should embrace open source
  software. We will delve into the financial benefits, highlighting significant cost
  savings from reduced licensing fees and total cost of ownership. It emphasizes the
  flexibility and customization potential of open source solutions, enabling businesses
  to tailor software to their unique requirements. Justis dispels myths around security,
  demonstrating how the collaborative scrutiny of the open source community leads
  to robust and reliable systems. Justis also discusses the advantages of avoiding
  vendor lock-in, fostering innovation, and attracting top talent, making a strong
  case for open source as a strategic asset for IT.
---

Embracing open source software offers strategic advantages that IT leadership cannot afford to overlook compared to commercial solutions for enterprise IT. Open source solutions provide significant cost savings by eliminating licensing fees and reducing the total cost of ownership. They offer unparalleled flexibility, enabling organizations to customize software to meet specific needs and improve operational efficiency. The collaborative nature of open source fosters innovation and rapid problem-solving, supported by a robust community of developers. Contrary to common misconceptions, open source software is often more secure due to the collective scrutiny and swift patching of vulnerabilities and advances in generative AI.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

_archive-sessions/2024/the-business-case-for-open-source-software.md, after:

---
title: The Business Case for Open Source Software for IT Leadership Skeptics
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/NRMYBL/
beginning: '2024-11-09T10:00:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T10:20:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-The_Business_Case_for_Open_Source_Software_for_IT_Leadership_Skeptics
presenters:
- name: Keegan Justis
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/JQFLEX/
  biography: Keegan Justis is a seasoned Senior DevSecOps Engineer with a wealth of
    experience in cloud computing, security, artificial intelligence, and software
    development. He excels in ensuring reliable and scalable systems while driving
    innovation and efficiency in IT operations. Passionate about continuous learning,
    Keegan shares his insights through his blog on Medium. Beyond his professional
    expertise, he is an avid reader and traveler.
abstract: Explores the compelling reasons why organizations should embrace open source
  software. We will delve into the financial benefits, highlighting significant cost
  savings from reduced licensing fees and total cost of ownership. It emphasizes the
  flexibility and customization potential of open source solutions, enabling businesses
  to tailor software to their unique requirements. Justis dispels myths around security,
  demonstrating how the collaborative scrutiny of the open source community leads
  to robust and reliable systems. Justis also discusses the advantages of avoiding
  vendor lock-in, fostering innovation, and attracting top talent, making a strong
  case for open source as a strategic asset for IT.
---

Embracing open source software offers strategic advantages that IT leadership cannot afford to overlook compared to commercial solutions for enterprise IT. Open source solutions provide significant cost savings by eliminating licensing fees and reducing the total cost of ownership. They offer unparalleled flexibility, enabling organizations to customize software to meet specific needs and improve operational efficiency. The collaborative nature of open source fosters innovation and rapid problem-solving, supported by a robust community of developers. Contrary to common misconceptions, open source software is often more secure due to the collective scrutiny and swift patching of vulnerabilities and advances in generative AI.
