_archive-sessions/2024/the-cathedral-and-the-bizarre.md, before:

---
title: 'The Cathedral and the Bizarre, or Dual-Booting for Fun and Prophet: Using
  Linux to Enhance TempleOS'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/XTTSUF/
beginning: '2024-11-08T14:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-08T15:20:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Toby Betts
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/W88XVL/
  biography: Toby Betts has been breaking and, when possible, fixing computers since
    childhood. He has worked as a system administrator, a service engineer, a site
    reliability engineer, a security analyst, and a free and open source software
    consultant for mid- to large-sized businesses for over 20 years. His main interests
    are system security, free cryptography, and fun file systems.
---

Dual-booting is a useful method to run two operating systems on the same machine. Different OSes might help you harness the full potential of your hardware, or it may be necessary because of software limitations. It lets you tailor your computing experience to your own unique needs. Yet few people run different operating systems from the same disk partition, where both OSes coexist in the same place in the same file system. This talk will outline the steps to combine Linux with another open source OS known as TempleOS in a very small amount of disk space, and how blending them together can create a unique and fun programming experience.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

_archive-sessions/2024/the-cathedral-and-the-bizarre.md, after:

---
title: 'The Cathedral and the Bizarre, or Dual-Booting for Fun and Prophet: Using
  Linux to Enhance TempleOS'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/XTTSUF/
beginning: '2024-11-08T14:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-08T15:20:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-The_Cathedral_and_the_Bizarre
presenters:
- name: Toby Betts
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/W88XVL/
  biography: Toby Betts has been breaking and, when possible, fixing computers since
    childhood. He has worked as a system administrator, a service engineer, a site
    reliability engineer, a security analyst, and a free and open source software
    consultant for mid- to large-sized businesses for over 20 years. His main interests
    are system security, free cryptography, and fun file systems.
---

Dual-booting is a useful method to run two operating systems on the same machine. Different OSes might help you harness the full potential of your hardware, or it may be necessary because of software limitations. It lets you tailor your computing experience to your own unique needs. Yet few people run different operating systems from the same disk partition, where both OSes coexist in the same place in the same file system. This talk will outline the steps to combine Linux with another open source OS known as TempleOS in a very small amount of disk space, and how blending them together can create a unique and fun programming experience.
