_archive-sessions/2024/we-are-all-that-we-have.md, before:

---
title: 'We Are All That We Have: Sustainability Is About You, Me, And Us'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/QVGUKW/
beginning: '2024-11-09T16:40:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T17:10:00-08:00'
keynote: true
presenters:
- name: Duane O’Brien
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/Z9HRCC/
  biography: Duane is the Director of Collaborative Engineering at Capital One. His
    organization focuses on developing internal and external collaborative development
    practices through open source and InnerSource. He is the creator of the [FOSS
    Contributor Fund framework](https://github.com/indeedeng/FOSS-Contributor-Fund),
    and loves helping organizations get involved in funding and sustaining their open
    source dependencies. Duane is a force of chaotic good using his high stats in
    intelligence and charisma to advocate for the open source community. If you encounter
    him in forested areas, he will share his fire, drink, and philosophy.
---

As we continue on our journey of ensuring the sustainability of free and open source software, we talk about so many things. Funding. Health Metrics. Criticality. Foundations. Corporations. Sponsorship. "Doing The Right Thing."

Today, I want to talk about You, Me, and Us. Because this is what Sustainability is really all about. Humans. Because how we show up for each other matters, and it is the key to sustainably developed free and open source software.

I will cast my observations about the free and open source funding ecosystem against this backdrop as I look at current trends and speculate about our future.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

_archive-sessions/2024/we-are-all-that-we-have.md, after:

---
title: 'We Are All That We Have: Sustainability Is About You, Me, And Us'
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/QVGUKW/
beginning: '2024-11-09T16:40:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T17:10:00-08:00'
keynote: true
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-We_Are_All_That_We_Have
presenters:
- name: Duane O’Brien
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/Z9HRCC/
  biography: Duane is the Director of Collaborative Engineering at Capital One. His
    organization focuses on developing internal and external collaborative development
    practices through open source and InnerSource. He is the creator of the [FOSS
    Contributor Fund framework](https://github.com/indeedeng/FOSS-Contributor-Fund),
    and loves helping organizations get involved in funding and sustaining their open
    source dependencies. Duane is a force of chaotic good using his high stats in
    intelligence and charisma to advocate for the open source community. If you encounter
    him in forested areas, he will share his fire, drink, and philosophy.
---

As we continue on our journey of ensuring the sustainability of free and open source software, we talk about so many things. Funding. Health Metrics. Criticality. Foundations. Corporations. Sponsorship. "Doing The Right Thing."

Today, I want to talk about You, Me, and Us. Because this is what Sustainability is really all about. Humans. Because how we show up for each other matters, and it is the key to sustainably developed free and open source software.

I will cast my observations about the free and open source funding ecosystem against this backdrop as I look at current trends and speculate about our future.
