_archive-sessions/2024/will-your-open-source-project-run-on.md, before:

---
title: Will your open source project run on a mainframe? Or on a smartwatch?
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/WVCC9R/
beginning: '2024-11-09T13:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T13:50:00-08:00'
presenters:
- name: Elizabeth K. Joseph
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/RKQRZH/
  biography: Elizabeth K. Joseph is a Linux systems administrator who now leads the
    Open Source Program Office for IBM Z where she works with the community to explore
    Linux and z/OS workloads on mainframes. In the course of her career, she's worked
    on Raspberry Pis and Sun SPARC systems, so working on non-x86 architectures full
    time was a natural fit. She has previously worked on distributed systems and has
    written books on Ubuntu and OpenStack.
---

You probably developed your open source project for a single, "default" architecture like x86, but today there is considerable growth in other architectures, from ARM to mainframes to RISC-V. The talk will present some of the tools available to open source software developers to port their projects to other architectures.

Commit message:

Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive (#447)
* Add Internet Archive identifiers to 2024 archive

* Remove invalid identifiers

---------

Co-authored-by: AlfredoMS <virtual.ams@gmail.com>

_archive-sessions/2024/will-your-open-source-project-run-on.md, after:

---
title: Will your open source project run on a mainframe? Or on a smartwatch?
pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/talk/WVCC9R/
beginning: '2024-11-09T13:30:00-08:00'
end: '2024-11-09T13:50:00-08:00'
resources:
  internet_archive_identifier: SeaGL2024-Will_your_open_source_project_run_on
presenters:
- name: Elizabeth K. Joseph
  pretalx_url: https://pretalx.seagl.org/2024/speaker/RKQRZH/
  biography: Elizabeth K. Joseph is a Linux systems administrator who now leads the
    Open Source Program Office for IBM Z where she works with the community to explore
    Linux and z/OS workloads on mainframes. In the course of her career, she's worked
    on Raspberry Pis and Sun SPARC systems, so working on non-x86 architectures full
    time was a natural fit. She has previously worked on distributed systems and has
    written books on Ubuntu and OpenStack.
---

You probably developed your open source project for a single, "default" architecture like x86, but today there is considerable growth in other architectures, from ARM to mainframes to RISC-V. The talk will present some of the tools available to open source software developers to port their projects to other architectures.
